doc/about/faq.rst, before:


Frequently asked questions
==========================

Can I copy and adapt example code for my own projects?
------------------------------------------------------

Of course. You can copy and adapt example code for your own projects for any reason.
In fact, we encourage you to do so. We want you to learn and be successful.

Can Arcade run on the web?
--------------------------

Currently Arcade projects cannot easily be build to run on the web.
It can be possible in the future but will require a lot of work
in pyglet, the underlying library that Arcade uses.

Can I use Arcade in a commercial project?
-----------------------------------------

Of course. Arcade is released under the MIT License. This means you can use it for free.
Even adapted versions of Arcade or parts of it can be used in commercial projects.

Can I use Arcade resources in my own educational materials?
-----------------------------------------------------------

Yes! Arcade was primarily developed for educational purposes.
Use Arcade materials in any way you see fit. Original content
or adapted versions of it.

Commit message:

Center shields.io elements in the README.md file and grammar fixes for multiple documents. (#2471)
* Update shields.io elements to align in center in README.md

* Rephrase answers for easier understanding

* Remove wordiness and rephrase for better understanding.

* Grammar, spelling and phrasing fixes.

* Reorder words.

* Capitalize GitHub

* More grammar/spelling/rephrase edits for CONTRIBUTING.md

* Remove wordiness in CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md while keeping its message.

* Remove extra spaces, different choice of words and other minor fixes.

* All changes PVC requested.

* Remove curly quotes

doc/about/faq.rst, after:


Frequently asked questions
==========================

Can I copy and adapt example code for my own projects?
------------------------------------------------------

Of course. You can copy and adapt example code for your own projects for any reason.
In fact, we encourage you to do so. We want you to learn and be successful.

Can Arcade run on the web?
--------------------------

Currently Arcade projects cannot easily be build to run on the web.
It can be possible in the future but will require a lot of work
in pyglet, the underlying library that Arcade uses.

Can I use Arcade in a commercial project?
-----------------------------------------

Of course. Arcade is released under the MIT License. This means you can use it for free.
Even adapted versions of Arcade or parts of it can be used in commercial projects.

Can I use Arcade resources in my own educational materials?
-----------------------------------------------------------

Of course! Arcade was built to support learning.
You can use its materials however you need—
whether you stick with the original content or make changes to suit your needs.
